#labels Aaardwolf,FAQ,plugin
#Help on getting the most out of Fiendish's mapper plugin

= Disclaimer! =

Hi, I didn't write it, but i use it and leverage it in my plugin.  Fiendish's mapper plugin.  To use my triple pack you're going to want to know these fundamentals first!

= Creating CExits (aka Custom Exits) =
== To open a door ==
{{{
   mapper cexit open n;;n
}}}
This will tell to mapper to open a door and walk through it.

=== DETAILED STEPS ===
  * find a closed door north 
  * type _mapper cexit open n;;n_
  * wait 2 seconds, you will see a blue mapping confirm message.. 
  * go south back to the first room 
  * close the door north 
  * on the clickable map.. click on the room north of you 
  * you will see the mapper open the door and walk you through it

== To get into tricky areas ==
Some areas require CExits to get into them.. and excellent example is "First Ascent"

  * Go to the Aylor room "GreyAsh Alley to Silvermist Road" (type *mapper goto 32529*)
  * type *exits*  to see the command for the custom exit (in this case it's *climb the chain*)
  * type *mapper cexit climb the chain*
  * wait 2 seconds for mapper to confirm the room

=== To test ===
  * recall
  * type *xrt first*

= To Add a Portal to your Mapper = 
  * Have an alias that gets the portal out of your bag, holds it, enters it, puts the portal back in your bag, and re-holds whatever you were holding. (_ in this example we will use one called "portal_losttime"_)
  * Invoke that alias and stand in the room where the portal takes you
  * Note the *listed* level of the portal (do not take tier into account)
  * Type "_mapper portal portal_losttime_" (for example), when prompted, type in the portal level
  * Done!  Now Mapper will take your portals and level into consideration when calculating the fastest path!